Yes everyone has been a long time recently recently a little business trip continued
It tells the truth in Tokyo last week That's the week before last in Los Angeles
Since the events in Tokyo until the weekend we wear Tokyo true Nenan or variety are on a business trip when the cat
I have to be a child of the video
This time with shipping this way that business trip that way
If you're working on it, you're going to use a tablet device like this after Mac
Though there are many things
It is tethering to use at that time
Well everyone tether saying I Toka Did you know iphone I ring
android terminal
8 I Chau another wi-fi connection it Deikin become a router instead something
It's a good thing
And is this used?
And it's very easy, yes it's right here there 's a galaxy s 4 here
Ne pat down here it is-
After connects the only only only this hey and Mac Toka ipad to turn it on
It is possible
It is the point of this tethering It is the best to say that only this one is enough
The wi-fi router Toka There is no additional need to carry as far as the other
The
This is all you need, and the speed will be slower if the signal is weak
It's not good if it's a bad environment 8 I can see it here
It's like this- if it was about 8 blogs
Yup
Particular problem Well guess is not to watch Surusuru such or Te
Like this one good one I like it
8 I wonder if it is possible Well, something like this to see the video itself also
If it is connected by this on the business trip destination well , there is no problem in the distance if it is a blog reading
Therefore imitation of idea 8 net connection is made using this
If it is said , I think that a story comes out saying it can not be made in the main
I will
More you, but my guess this is why the do not use too much it is a Well this main to only heat Umion
is
Iso data communication amount I have a wall that say 7 gb
This is the amount of data communication, and the reason for smartphones is
If you can see the detail is the chop first come suffering also to the use of John of tethering
So this month I'm down with this, for example, last month
You know this to understand you do Kedomo Well I do not only use this even 3 gb
Here a While software and is not Tsu of me this cause would have stretched Byun
It upload is probably the video
Over the much that 30 minutes I have to watch that video
Then when I see it in the direction that I jumped only this
Here in the small baetether forest service
81.57 gb It is almost already I eat the capacity immediately with such feeling
It's sometimes Tatte ended up doing that I wish with a mind even take care in other
For example, it is an update of the application.
Various apps are included
I when in fact it it'll update at the time of the wi-fi connection
I or I been updated when you live in this tethering
Hundreds of mb in that time mb It's too soon if you do that kind of ridge choco
7 gb and of course the danger of watching videos as I said
It is
Well I thought I it's all right Why do not er single You know one day you together in smartphone
Several bottles a day
Again
Speaking of 10 hair and hair color, I will consume as much as 30 people but it is
Monk
I think that it will be dangerous for the other 8 that will be full in one month right now dropbox
It is
I've been there for a while now I'm the dropbox
Automatically when you put a paper file with a PC
This matching pa
I us to synchronize door door Kano Among them, it automatically
It looks like this
I just Hey I'm suddenly convenient from with that photo doing the motivation here of tethering
It will be
Cherry blossoms are also supposed to be white, so it is up to 2 gb, so that 1 gb
Anyway, if you're in a photo , sync it with that tethering capacity
Will
It is still cat dropbox Toka cat of synchronous type of software
It is the most dangerous at that time Please be careful tethering connection
Of course it is possible to do it by setting not to synchronize, but I still forget that
You need to be careful because you can do it
Apparently upload using that tethering is also there that mean I Yu tuber in other
You must to do something before you go on
Also it looks to the location to fly Well I'm such about the approximate 100 mb
It depends on the place, but it takes about 20 minutes for 40 minutes.
After all it takes quite a while, but about watching the audition video of that blog until there
There is no problem but
You can buy the video uploads for a little while
8 is quite convenient with tethering, and if there is one this, it is the mark and ne
Connecting the ipad
I Toka its capacity familiar with, so that the tethering in the
I think that'll do if You know well Tsukiaeru with care but still I at that floor destination Motodan
When you want to net connection
Well there is something like wi-fi spot in each shop
It's a contract or bed wi-fi router
Since it is about 4000 also in no month there best to use it
For example, I struggle with the Pakehodai of the cat, though
Um use all I Toka Now I 8 4000 yen if the wi-fi router Now do
I think I know Hodai
Use since the There is only that wi-fi router voice of over unlimited distribution Lok
I will climb after the tour, for example, I think it is the case with Mr. Seto
Hey I am also the best to do it, though
After all, I 'm going with the tethering now for the time being
Well fine it's such place where this troubled communication plan Kedomo neighborhood about Based in, for example, tethering
use
Or you should think in various ways when you contract bed wi-fi router
It might be a cautionary point when using tethering
Then I will be a cat galaxy s 4 main body, but before that, I need some accessories
Let's check
This is the price of galaxy s 4, but something like Tokyo
It's Katcho is good